Company Started -May 7 2020
 Company Registered on 20 October 2020
 Nirvana Life Pvt . Ltd.
We have a website  where we tell about what are the benefits of natural Ayurvedic products in the world. 
During covid we decided to open our own company  and prepare natural products. 
Our Aim is to provide beneficial products to our customers so that they can live a healthy life without any
Ginger  
Everyone loves to drink ginger tea, it tastes great. Not only taste but it is also filled with various nutrients. 
Fresh ginger helps to ward off the infection. Ginger tea may have anti-inflammatory properties as it contains 
phytonutrients known as gingerols which can have antimicrobial and anti-inflammatory effects. 
Ginger may also help ease digestive discomfort and reduce blood pressure.
 Drinking ginger tea is especially helpful when one is trying to lose weight or suffering from migraines or
 headaches health problems and also our products boost thHoney or jaggery  
Small quantity jaggery or honey balances the flavour. It is optional though. Apart from tasting wonderful, honey is said to have a number of benefits. Studies suggest that honey may have potent antioxidant activity. It may help fight off bacteria and boost the immune system. Honey is also said to possess antibacterial and anti-inflammatory properties. It promotes tissue repair within the body. It is renowned as a very effective remedy for sore throats and for treating common colds.  

Lemongrass  
Lemongrass is full of antioxidants. It is very useful to treat cough and cold, fever. It also helps to regulate blood pressure. Lemongrass tea is also said to have relaxing properties and relieve anxiety. The herb aids the body in reducing cholesterol. Apart from the formerly mentioned benefits, lemongrass can also prevent infection and boost oral health and red blood cell levels.

Also Read: Zincovit Tablet

Benefits of herbal tea or kadha  
Herbal tea or kadha is made from all nutritious ingredients. Kadha is rich in antioxidants, minerals, and vitamins. Here are some benefits of herbal tea or kadha –

Boosts immune system  
Herbal tea is full of antioxidants and vitamins that are very essential to enhance your immune system. Antioxidants help to reduce internal infection by destroying free radicles. It protects against the risk of chronic diseases like cancer, diabetes. Some of the best herbal teas to boost your immunity are elderberry, echinacea, and ginger.

Detoxification  
As it is loaded with antioxidants it is excellent for detox your body. Turmeric, ginger, black pepper acts as an antioxidant to keep you clean and healthy.

Fights against respiratory complaints  
Herbal teas are great for cough and cold. Tulasi, lemongrass works wonderfully to relieve your respiratory symptoms. It also reduces the symptoms of asthma.

Aids digestion  
Herbal tea is beneficial for your digestive system as it aids in absorbing gas, improving blood flow to the entire digestive tract, and eliminates free radicals that can result in an upset stomach and indigestion. They also contain phenols which may help in strengthening both stomach muscles and the ones in the oesophagus. A cup of herbal tea after your meal can help to relieve your digestive complaints such as indigestion, nausea, vomiting, etc. It enhances your metabolism and helps to keep the normal digestion process.

Helps to weight loss
Herbal tea contains various natural ingredients that help to burn your fat and make you lean. Herbal tea for two-three times per day is sufficient with a weight loss diet to reduce weight.

Anti-aging properties  
The antioxidants found in herbal teas help to slow down the ageing process and make your skin look healthy and glowy. They prevent free radical damage to your skin and prevent your cells from ageing. It also makes your hair healthy.

Reduce inflammation  
It is a great tonic for arthritic pain. Herbal teas like ginger, turmeric, and eucalyptus are excellent to reduce the inflammatory condition. This also makes an ideal treatment for joint and muscle pain.

Lowers the blood pressure  
Herbal teas like hibiscus tea help to reduce blood pressure without any side effects. This natural treatment is very effective than using modern medicines. Turmeric also makes a great anti-inflammatory herb for herbal tea.















































eir immunity to tackle with many health problems.